Excellent work.
You've built a maze solving algorithm that finds
the path between the starting and ending points of your maze.
You've done this starting from a blank slate in C++.
You've implemented nearly every piece of code from
start to end using the A-star algorithm.
Let's do a quick review of what you've seen in this lesson.
We started out with an introduction to vehicle motion planning.
Sebastian explained the A-star search algorithm,
then you wrote your own version of the A-star search algorithm.
You broke down different parts of the algorithm over a series of exercises.
Then you learned about new C++ language features
including passing variables to a function by reference instead of by value,
const in const expression,
and arrays in C++.
You're now almost ready to start the course project where you'll
use what you've learned to find a path between any two points on a real map.
Before you're ready to do the project,
you'll need to learn a little bit about how to write
larger C++ programs using multiple files.
In the next lesson,
you'll learn about header files and build tools to help with this.
You'll also learn about pointers and references and
a tiny little bit about object oriented programming. Let's get started.